Design logo.
Implement the app start animations.
---->    The above two to be done in last.

Insert an 'all messages' button on the top

Enhance home screen UI (design a figma UI and then strictly follow every cm in code)
Enhance login screen UI
Enhance signup screen UI
In the top right corner of home page, introduce icon of all messages.
Implement audio calling between users.

The functionality of sending a photo will be Implemented later, right now it seems of no use. 
Right now i shall do for the location in the messages screen.

In between chats, add the chat day text also, means this chat was 19 Jan chat, this onwards is Today's chat, like we have on whatsapp.
On the People screen, sort the people based on the timestamp of their last message. Plus you would have called that API then display the last message too.
Previous JDK version was 21.0.2

Add option of adding multiple time slots at once, while placing bid, on the bids page
Add down and right margins to my grid as well, so that it looks well.
Display a small menu on place bid page, the start place pointing to the destination place, for which the user is going to place a bid.

How i build the apk version: (yt Sujan Anand)

chirayubatra@Chirayus-MacBook-Air  % keytool -genkey -v -keystore your_key_name.keystore -alias your_key_alias -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity 10000
 272 executed, 25 up-to-date
chirayubatra@Chirayus-MacBook-Air  % npx react-native bundle --platform android --dev false --entry-file index.js --bundle-output android/app/src/main/assets/index.android.bundle
chirayubatra@Chirayus-MacBook-Air  % ./gradlew assembleRelease
cd android
chirayubatra@Chirayus-MacBook-Air android % ./gradlew assembleRelease



You can get the gender of the person, at the time the person is placing bid



Trave& SHM to be released togetehr, not just solo Travel thing.


React native basic running app:


req, proto

npm i
Npx react-native init qwkdjn
Npx react-native run-android
Npc react-native start


the error of text strings should be rendered inside text component by removing the semicolon from })}; 



See the redux thing before establishing backend properly for state handling.

Add generative AI bot as well.

Inspiration:  https://dev.co/

# rnf

Destination dropdown...
Month...
Year...
Search button...


.Campus TravelMate
.Carpool





      android:roundIcon="@mipmap/ic_launcher_round"
after line 10






****** Campus CabMate
Think of making a create group option in chats



AWS -> RDS has been made and is working. Now the next step is to simpley deploy the backend code on the Elastic Beanstalk.
       But before that you need to make an IAM on AWS,(see tutorial), otherwise the backend gonna crash with errors like service roles.






Abstract:

When the students of a typical college in India, plan to travel to
their homes, they go by either train or by air, and to reach the 
airport or the railway station, they prefer using cab or taxi services.
But students don't prefer to travel alone, and they need companions 
who can share cab with them and can split the bill, saving them money.
And in order to carpool, college campuses generally have a whatsapp
groups where they place their bids like, "Anyone travelling to XYZ 
destination, on 1st December, around 6 pm from campus", and the
other students come manually filter out the person who can be their
companion in a dozens of chats. And in case a lot of people are
travelling on a particular day, the bid chat goes upwards in chats,
and gets hard to find out. Leading to inefficiency, manual work. 

A solution to that problem is an application, which will have the time
slots day wise, and a student can come place his bid, about the time, 
place and destination he/she is travelling to, and his bid will become
publically visible to all other users in the campus. Such that if a
new user comes, he just enters his 'from' destination, 'to' destination
, and the month of his travel, he will get to see all other people, 
who are travelling in the month on any day and any slot of time,
in an organised manner. And he can go communicate directly with the 
user using inbuilt chats and phone call feature, and can confirm 
their cab-mate within the app itself. The app itself will remove their 
bid automatically, after the deal between them is confirmed.




Premium membership:
Sell to campuses subject to money and enable all these functionalities to their all students, once they purchase your 
service. Also include other services like other campus services, like you wrote in whatsapp


// Testing a commit